`1.20.1` + `1.19.4` release notes (#746)
okteto/docs: src/content/release-notes.mdx

id: release-notes
---

## 1.20.1

28 May 2024

This version is compatible with Kubernetes versions 1.26 to 1.29

### Bug Fixes

> - Updated CLI version in the backend to 2.27.3 to fix a panic when using Docker Compose and Okteto Manifests together, and the field image in a compose service was referring to an environment variable  <!-- 4312, 8135 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the backend CLI to version 2.27.3 to resolve a panic issue that occurred when using Docker Compose with Okteto Manifests, specifically when the `image` field in a compose service referred to an environment variable  <!-- 4312, 8135 -->
```

id: release-notes
---

## 1.20.1

28 May 2024

This version is compatible with Kubernetes versions 1.26 to 1.29

> ### Improvements

Reviewer 2: It should be a bugfix

Author: agree! done ✅

> - Updated CLI version in the backend to 2.27.3  <!-- 8135 -->

Reviewer 2: Let's elaborate a bit more this indicating why. We could set something like:

`Updated CLI version in the backend to 2.27.3 to fix a panic when using Docker Compose and Okteto Manifests together, and the field image in a compose service was referring to an environment variable`

@codyjlandstrom Any better suggestion?

Author: I've updated with this suggestion, feel free to update it while I am away

- Support for Kubernetes [1.25](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.25.md) has been removed in this release.

## 1.19.4

28 May 2024

This version is compatible with Kubernetes versions 1.25 to 1.29

### Bug Fixes

> - Updated CLI version in the backend to 2.26.2 to fix a panic when using Docker Compose and Okteto Manifests together, and the field image in a compose service was referring to an environment variable  <!-- 4312, 8137 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the backend CLI to version 2.26.2 to resolve a panic issue that occurred when using Docker Compose with Okteto Manifests, specifically when the `image` field in a compose service referred to an environment variable  <!-- 4312, 8137 -->
```
